all right folks uh to my right is victor marx and i'm grateful to be able to call my friend because the last thing i'd want to be is his enemy because he can kill me a thousand different ways.
you hold the record for disarming a another person and that how it is with a pistol. yeah yep yep yeah i don't wanna i i don't wanna ah you know i don't wanna illustrate that because.
Because you have a tendency to break arms and stuff. I'm not sure I want to do that.
i i i was ah listening when you were with magahol.
Yes. And you did an interview and you were talking about your upbringing.
Your abusive father. Yeah. You went through hell and back.
And here you are.
You're working with those that have been
sold in the
Sex trafficking
and you pull them out of these miserable situations. god has given you a heart of compassion. you and your wife.
You go into the worst places in the world, the most dangerous places in the world,
And you contend for the least of these.
You love them, you protect them, you save them.
And that, you know,
We don't get to pick the parents we get in this world, but we can pick the kind of parent we're going to be.
And,
And it's tragic as, as,
The upbringing you faced was, the reality is that was an anvil.
To prepare you to have a love for the folks who have suffered like you did.
And God, that's the economy of God's grace. I was thinking about that when you were talking with Magahol.
God didn't waste anything.
And I just...
I wanted folks to hear that. They didn't hear your upbringing. You shared whatever part of it you want.
And really what this means to you and why you do what you do. - Well first I want to say thank you for your friendship. - Ah.
It means the world to me. Likewise. Especially in ministry, because...
You know, I've been lost for the Lord.
I've seen that case now.
I saw a lot of people in ministry pastors that
Named me as a friend.
But when first came to serve
There really wasn't.
The friendship that I thought there was,
You're steadfast.
You are who you are.
And...
That means something.
Because just like overseas, if we're doing stuff,
There's not a...
It can't be.
If someone said, I'm not all in, or people die, I'm not all in.
And I'll tell you.
God is a redeeming God. I've never heard the anvil far, but that is so true.
I'm going to go with the
You know, a friend of mine and...
India said if you're born in a
If you're born on fire, you won't be burnt by the heat of the sun.
As an adult, I think.
It's another way that I look at it where I did go through injustice. Many people do. That story is not unique of...
Sexual abuse or physical and?
Uh, uh,
You know, the extreme part was I was tortured.
Um...
In order to break my mind.
And my will
But it's a bigger testimony in some ways that God is able to
Put.
Someone back together.
And, you know,
If you've struggled out there,
If you're thinking about it, justice is happening to you.
I had 123 visits to a Primal Specialist.
In a nine-month period, I've been on topical, debacle, prose, exoloplithium. You're like an amateur chemist or penitent. And they were all trying on me.
I'm from psychologists, a psychiatrist, and the VA just tried to get me to work.
And it's like that.
A little boring
You know Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall, had a great fall. All the king's horses, all the king's men. They couldn't put them back together.
But the king.
Good. And that's what he did for me. And you're more whole-broken in the presence of the Lord than you were when you perceived yourself to be whole. So much. And the mosaic of all the pieces that he uses when he's alive.
When he puts you together is a tapestry of beauty that
You know, we don't have to be bitter to our past. God uses it together for good. And bitterness is, you know, it's like a key. We lock ourselves in a prison and we hold the key while we rot and we wait for the
Wait for the person that we're unwilling to forgive.
I've always said forgiveness isn't forgetting it's it's putting the consequences of what they did in the hands of the lord so you can move on i like that and when i heard you talking with the magahog i just kept thinking
You know, you took the trauma of your father.
That he perpetrated on him.
And and the Lord used it to make you an instrument that is so uniquely equipped to do things very few want or will do. Yeah.
Well, it was my stepfather who did all the abuse, and I will tell you,
that
Uh...
God knows
They'll come
And he hates abuse and he doesn't call it. God doesn't call it. Nope. He allows people to make choices. And a really bad choice is made.
But for me, I know how selfish I am.
And if I didn't have a hurting past,
That broke me.
Believe me, I wouldn't be pursuing
To the point of.
you know
It's not just the threat of life or death that we...
I live with it. But it's 120 degree weather in Iraq. It's sickness in Southeast Asia.
It's, you know,
You're moving and grooving and going, wow, my life could be easier, but it doesn't mean it'd be better.
So, yeah, today we've helped through trauma release,
For helping to recover rescue.
And even pursue the bad guys as it does the feast.
Over 43,000 women and children
And God gets the glory for that.
And it's the lane we run in.
We're all called to certain things.
But like when I need to be encouraged.
Like when my soul needs to be encouraged.
I'll tune in to you. I'll go to your podcast. I'll stalk you a little bit
You know, I just, ugh.
I like when we visit and I hear you speak about things.
I literally want to record you and go, I want to talk like him.
So we all run in these lanes, right?
I said to one person earlier, we can argue who can be the president of Mutual Operations Society because...
I feel the same way about you. So, you know, thank you, God. Yes. He's given me...
A brother and a friend who inspires me, and I'm glad in some way I can be the same to you. Yes.
I will say this, that art
There's two things that happen when I return to the church after you've preached.
Um,
They want you back.
I want to come back. I want to come back.
You have one of the most unique teaching styles. Is it a little Cajun in you? Is that what it is? Yes, yeah. And your humor is so disarming.
And you walk people through it, and you just throw this out, and they don't really catch us. Like, a joke in the pocket, they pull it out later, and they're just cracking up. It's a little anesthesia. I love it. I love it. How
Sent a humor.
Well, you know, the repayment. Yeah, Dylan was paying. It was born out of pain. But I can remember talking to mutual friends of ours in ministry.
And I would say I study. I study.
Spurgeon, D. Campbell Morgan, I want to be a great deal-old, and I'll never forget.
He, uh, a particular friend in the past, he just said, Victor.
Just be you.
You connect with people and then at the goal
So that would encourage people to be the thumbprint, be the fingerprint God made you to be.
Because if you're always trying to emulate or be...
Then you
God's gonna lose the best man in you.
It's good to have people that inspire you. Yes. God made you. He doesn't want to make two of them. I know you're busy for the sake of time. Let's do this. You're here.
You're here at Student Action Summit. Yeah. You've now got connected with Charlie? Oh, my gosh. And you're going to be at the pastor summit. Yes.
What's it mean to you?
I'll say this. I had no clue.
And you were the introduction for me, for Charlie, in so many ways.
But then, Big Bronx is wrong.
You have no clue. You have to come to an event.
And I'm not a big event guy. No, me neither. Right? It's, uh...
But these are so important in being here.
This is where the church has filled the youth.
Charlotte Kirk in Turnpoint USA and even the new division of faith.
will be I see
The vehicle that God chooses.
To turn our nation around from your lips to god's ears yeah
Well, folks, Victor Marks, uh...
Hiro, for me, he doesn't see himself that way.
You've enjoyed him when he's been at God's speak, and you just heard him say it. He's coming back. I'm coming back. Amen.
And you bring the dog, but more importantly. Yeah.
You bring the best, which is your wife. She's a designer. She's fearless. Actually, she needs to be here. We only have two mics. I want to interview her. I believe she has Spartan blood in her. And the next time you...
Next time you come, have her come and share as well. That'd be great. I want to hear her side of dealing with all this, because she goes with you. She goes in the thick of it. We'll do it. All right. There you are.
there you have it bless you guys.